Where is Sheng Yunxi?
Mr. Sheng said that we haven’t arrived yet on the way to organize the club? According to company regulations,
Know what to do?
Arriving one hour late will result in salary suspension.
Then just follow the company rules and regulations?
Where is the head of administration?
President. Let’s take a look at Sheng Yunxi’s test records in the past two years.
To sum up, how much salary should be deducted?
Don't wish him.
yes. This new official has three men,
But this was the first time I saw the gangster who burned his own head.
If you win, you will clear the way for your own brother.
No face given at all. The CEO is so weak.
Mr. Sheng, the young lady is here.
Brother is so quick to make a joke
male hand in hand
I'll cook in the morning
It seems that I also took it orally today.